Created an Issue template (#6)
EddieHubCommunity/template: .github/workflows/ISSUE_TEMPLATES/feature.md

---
name: Feature Request

> about: To request a feature that would enhance the bot's working

Reviewer: what do you think of changing the text from bot, to something more generic?
```suggestion
about: To request a feature that would enhance the project
```
